CLASS 1 : 

Q.
Accept an integer as input and print its square as output. 
Q.
Accept two integers as input and print their sum as output. 
Q.
Print the first 5 positive integers in ascending order with one number 
in each line 
Q.
Accept two words as input and print the two words after adding a 
space between them. 
Q.
Accept the registration number of a vehicle as input and print its 
state-code as output.
Q.
Accept a five-digit number as input and print the sum of its digits as 
output. 

Q. 
Print the following pattern. There is exactly one space between any two consecutive numbers on any line. There are no spaces at the end of any line.
1 2 1
1 2 3 2 1
1 2 3 4 3 2 1
1 2 3 4 5 4 3 2 1

Q.
A simple algorithm has to be designed to find out whether a student belongs to the Data Science branch or not. 
The input will be a student's roll number, which is of the form BR18B0000. Here, BR represents the branch code, 
18
18 represents the year of joining, B represents the education level and 
0000
0000 represents the specific identification given to the student of that batch. The branch code for Data Science is DS. 
Print True if the student belongs to Data Science branch and False otherwise.

Q
The police are trying to track a criminal based on the evidence available at a crime site. 
Their main clue is a vehicle's damaged number plate. Only the string TN07 is visible. 
The format of the registration number is AA00AA00, where the first two letters are alphabets, next two are numbers, next two are again alphabets followed by two
numbers at the end. A number plate is picked from a database of registration numbers and is given to you as input. Your task is to determine if this could belong
to the criminal or not. Print True if the number plate contains TN07 and False otherwise.

Q.
Accept two integers a and b as input and print the absolute difference of both the numbers. For example, if A=9 B = 8 a=9,b=8, 
then the absolute difference is 9−8=1. So, your output should be 1
You should be able to solve this problem using the concepts covered in this week.




